A. Briefly describe the artifact. What is it? When was it created?   

     The artifact that I chose to use for this project was from CS 330 Computer Graphic & Visualization.  The class centered on creating a 3d object and applying color, texture and lighting features that could be manipulated by mouse controlled movements to the object. This class was taken during the summer of 2020 term. 

B. Justify the inclusion of the artifact in your ePortfolio. Why did you select this item? What specific components of the artifact showcase your skills and abilities in software development? How was the artifact improved?

     I chose this program as it was technically the most difficult project that I have worked on during my program.  Developing code is not one of my strong skills and it is very much a struggle in getting the desired outcome that I am trying to create. At the end of this project, the object that I tried to create was not as successful as I had hoped it would be, but was still satisfied with the outcome.  At the beginning of this course, I had no working knowledge on how to work with any of the OpenGL libraries and was able to get the desired colors and textures to display correctly on my object. 

C.  Justify the inclusion of the artifact in your ePortfolio. Why did you select this item? What specific components of the artifact showcase your skills and abilities in software development? How was the artifact improved?

     I am still struggling with getting the improvements wanted to display correctly on my project, I have encountered some technical difficulties with the IDE that I am working on and am hoping that the final project will be a much more polished representation of the work.  

D. Reflect on the process of enhancing and/or modifying the artifact. What did you learn as you were creating it and improving it? What challenges did you face?

     After coming back and revisiting this project, I can see how I have been able to understand coding in C++ a bit better, but still struggle with putting together a full piece of code.   I still struggle with trying to fix and understand the defects and bugs that are found when compiling my code.  My goal during this program was not to become a developer but to be able to understand and follow code as it is written and what the intent with the pieces of code are and feel that I have progressed greatly in that aspect of this project and other project over the course of this program.
